imagine coming home from school and finding a
cute girl or guy in a not so badly made bleach
cosplay in your room there aren't any conventions
right now so that's a bit odd but not so quick
perhaps she's going to a private cosplay party
that would make sense but why the hell is she
in my room that's probably what this Ichigo
thought when he was stopped by this girl that
claims to be Rukia but it turns out she isn't
cosplaying at all and that's serious about her
eternal fights versus hollows she's even talking
about how she places lost souls into soul society
okay now that's a bit weird if something
like this happens to you it stays with you
for some time first of all as weird as this
event might be if something like this happens
to you i think you should make sure that this
girl isn't an escapee from a mental hospital
the last thing you want is facing a schizophrenic
tsundere with a real katana on her back
claiming she's hunting hollows at this moment
Ichigo runs downstairs only to witness this
you would normally be quick in giving your
best friend a call and tell him what the f
going on right now i mean where does this even
lead to but before you can figure out what is
actually happening a full-sized hollow appears
what at this point you start questioning your own
sense of reality did you really just project your
own schizophrenic tendencies onto this innocent
cosplayer you go mentally through all possible
explanations the most plausible explanation is
you forgot to take off your nerve gear you try to
log out but that would be a joke suddenly the view
starts to blur and you find yourself spending
a fortune on a virtual idyllic nature lodge
planning ahead of family with your 16 year
old online girlfriend what is happening
before you can understand what is happening the
giant hollow punches you 15 feet across the air
leaving you speechless the idea that you
somehow became the real Ichigo Kurosaki
in whatever dimension you exist in
is slowly creeping up in your mind
perhaps all of your dreams came true and
you were manifested into a real anime world
and as circumstances would have it it was
the bleach universe sick in any way let's
assume for now that all of this is as it seems
and you became the Ichigo in this dimension
this is a hollow a hollow is an evil turned soul
of a dead person when people die they normally
go to soul society a place like heaven minus the
angels plus sword-wielding psychos but some people
die with a grudge or unfinished business imagine
dying and leaving back your daughter or son
or dying on the same day you find your spouse
cheating on you in such cases the soul of the
deceased person can go over to the soul society
naturally it is somewhat stuck in our world
that wouldn't be a big issue in itself but those
souls turn slowly into hollows after time passes
once they turn into hollows there is no way back
and they start harming humans and other souls
the only place hollows are able to traverse to is
our world the human realm and the hollow world or
also called hueco mundo hollows pose a threat to
humans as well as souls they feed off of them to
prolong their existence and to get more powerful
and possibly because souls taste awesome maybe
the only way to prevent lost souls from turning
into hollows is to manually free them from
its burden and place it into the soul society
directly that is where shinigamis come into play
on one hand they detect lost souls and release
them into the soul society before they turn
into hollows and on the other hand they actively
fight hollows a hollow can't be seen by ordinary
people the reason Ichigo can see them indicates
that he has a lot of suppressed spiritual power
or maybe he just needs to have a girl in any
way the only way to successfully win against a
hollow is by cutting through its mask which sits
usually on top of its body in front of its face
this results in the hollow to be purified and its
original soul can be transported into soul society
during this fight Rukia gets injured and is
thus unable to continue fighting the hollow
that's pretty shitty but of course she has
a plan the idea is to stab you into your
chest with her katana or also called zanpakuto
with this method she can transfer her shinigami
powers temporarily onto you meaning she can
sit back and relax and you have to do her job
great now first of all finding a random girl
in my room pretending to be Rukia and then
pressing me into getting stabbed in my chest so i
can do her job i don't know man sounds fishy to me
but seeing a full-sized hollow that seems to
be real with all its special effects i mean
that's pretty convincing besides my family
is in immediate danger so i mean let's do it
let's get the chest piercing going that worked
better than expected huh how do we go from here
well the next morning when Ichigo wakes up
he seems to be the only one remembering the
incident from last night his two sisters
and his dad don't seem to remember anything
everything seems to be pretty normal apart
from that massive hole in the house of course
everything is fine until Rukia joins Ichigo's
class and claims to be the new transfer student
looks like we aren't done yet so here's the
deal on the rooftop she tells us that from
now on we must fulfill her role as a substitute
shinigami that's pretty cool can't deny that but
why would we want to fight massive monsters
without getting any sort of compensation
that seems like a pretty unbalanced deal here
besides i'm still not convinced that my last
acid trip weared off yet anyway for now it seems
we do have to fight hollows but apparently our
new shinigami powers attract powerful hollows from
all over the place putting our friends and family
into a not so nice spot we have three options here
first f this fake Rukia and her madness that's all
just way too weird to be true we continue
our lives as if nothing happened risking the
well-being of everyone around us or secondly
we agree to fight hollows but prefer to do so
from out of town so our loved ones won't become
collateral damage if things won't go straight
the only downside with this is if something
unexpected happens which it always does
we aren't able to intervene in time making this
option worse than option 1. leaves is only the
third option fighting the hollows for Rukia in
our neighborhood but for that we need training
wonderful i think that should suffice i think we
are able now to fight giant monsters with magic
powers that feed off of lost souls let's see
how this goes but before that we get to meet
another cosplayer another cosplayer on a trip
or is it really me that is going nuts here well
it doesn't really matter because a Renji cosplayer
can't be sane to begin with let me make this short
side note on what is happening in this scene
so you can understand the plot of the movie too
this is Renji he's another shinigami and has a
hot temper his duty is to bring back Rukia since
she broke the rules by giving Ichigo her powers
in this scene ichigo pretends to not know who
Rukia is or what this red haired dude is talking
about and i think this is the best way to react
at this point we still don't know enough about
shinigamis their hierarchies or anything else
that is going on really all we know is a
powerless shinigami's living in our closet
we became substitute shinigamis and we must
fight giant monsters called hollows i think
the best option we have right now is to focus
on what we know and avoid everything we don't
know keeping things simple is always a good way to
start the next day things start to fall in place
another hollow appears and Rukia uses her soul
glove to push Ichigo's shinigami form out of him
your shinigami form is powerful remember but
your human form stays weak so before this rude
girl attempts to push through your body to release
your other self wear a helmet a grown-up body that
falls over like a sack full of potatoes bears a
high risk of serious head injury you don't want
to become a shinigami by murdering your true
self right so Ichigo storms over to rescue the
soul of that little boy and as luck would have
it we are facing a giant hollow spider of course
as i have mentioned before the only way to win
against the hollow is to cut through their mask
any other damage performed won't suffice
Ichigo struggles a lot here even though
this is a low-class hollow it shows that he
hasn't trained sufficiently at this point
therefore fighting hollows in our current
state is pretty reckless and rather dangerous
we won't be helping anyone by getting eaten up
by random hollows in the neighborhood so either
we train more or we find a better solution what i
mean is when Renji comes into the scene to defeat
the hollow he attacked us and Rukia too like i've
mentioned before Rukia broke the law by giving us
her powers we on the other hand didn't know jack
[ __ ] about what was happening in the first place
all we knew was there was a cosplayer in
our room a hollow appeared and we suddenly
became shinigamis therefore the simplest most
effective way at this moment would be to talk
open your mouth and explain what happened
entering a fight against a shinigami that
has defeated the hollow you struggled with in a
split second is just a bad idea because part of
the job of a shinigami is to protect humans so it
would make sense to engage in a conversation first
rather than start a seemingly
hopeless fight look at it like this
all you want is for your friends and family
members to be safe that you are being targeted
by giant monsters and shinigamis at the same time
is a complete accident or misunderstanding at best
the best way to beat this threat is to explain
thoroughly what happened that gives you a fair
chance to solve this issue without a needless
fight because the best way to win a fight is
to win before you fight yeah i've read the art of
war sun tzu actually Rukia is trying exactly what
i've just said she tries to explain everything to
her elder brother who by the way is a captain and
a very high ranking shinigami in fact he's one
of the Gotei 13 of which each has his own field
of responsibility the Gotei 13 are captains
and leaders of uh you know kind of military
fractions and stuff um they're very powerful very
very powerful Renji is his lieutenant and Rukia
an aspirant to become his successor or something
similar in this scene he tells her to retake her
powers from Ichigo before the next full moon if
she doesn't well then it's lights out for both
the only catch is if she retakes her powers while
our spiritual pressure is low we will die leaves
is only the option to regain our spiritual powers
i have a few things in mind but i don't want this
video to become a semen retention video that
promises you superhuman powers within 30 days
if you follow my exact routine for one month for
only 9.99 in any way we are in a [ __ ] position
here and our options are scarce you can't hide
because they can sense you pretty much anywhere
you can't fight because you're too weak and the
last online course you bought on how to release
your hidden energies turned out to be a scam
so we don't really have good options here if
you're honest what would you do in this position
how would you build up your spiritual pressures
what i would do is visit urahara-san that seems to
be the single best option available in this moment
for those who don't know who he is he is an
ex-shinigami who was exiled for whatever reason
he lives in our neighborhood lucky us and
manages somewhat like a black market for
people concerned with souls etc whoever that
is if anyone knows what to do it's this guy
according to the movie he can't really
help us though and i have to admit
it seems like a pretty hopeless situation it
seems we have to use different tactics this time
so i have recently read a book about how to
negotiate and it turns out the best way to receive
what you want is to give what the other side
wants first that according to the book sparks up
a sense of guilt and gratitude in the receiver's
mind making him more receptive to your requests
but what the hell would a shingami want
right probably not swiss chocolate balls
or a cool new tech gadget it has to be
something meaningful something impressive
and red apples i don't think they
will work on this shinigami here
so here's a not so serious question for you what
present would you make to be a Byakuya Kuchigi let
me know in the comments that's a tough question
i know but you have all the time you want really
anyway what Ichigo decides to do is the following
he promises to hunt down the grand fischer a
powerful hollow that has escaped the grip of
shinigamis for 54 years that's a pretty smart move
looks like he has red dale carnegie too huh and
it worked the other side accepts Ichigo's request
and lets him have his chance that went
better than expected huh where's the catch
now the next challenge to solve would
be how to beat the grand fisher but for
that you must understand what the grand fisher
actually is so the grand fischer is a powerful
hollow who has eaten dozens of other hollows
becoming more powerful each time thereafter
one of his special abilities is that he can
take on any form that he wants including humans
this makes it easy for him to prey on other
hollows or people with high spiritual energy
in fact it turns out that it was the grand fisher
who has killed Ichigo's mother all those years ago
but before we can do what we said we would do
killing the grand fischer to be spared by the
other two shinigamis from before we need more
training let's go how about that all you need
is a giant sword two wood sticks and an old tire
to become the next Ichigo kurosaki in a week
we know about the saitama challenge how about a
30-day Ichigo challenge anyone feel free you don't
have to pay me it's all right it's alright on the
following day Ichigo and his family are going to
visit his mother's grave it's been 9 years
since she's been killed Ichigo only recently
realized that it was a grand fisher who killed
her i mean he didn't really know about hollows
and their abilities until recently he could see
ghosts ever since he was a kid but that's about it
so when they are about to arrive at
the cemetery his sister gets attacked
by of course the grand fisher luckily we have
invested the past seven days to train like the
ultimate killer machine this won't be a problem
now first of all one of the tactics i'd recommend
is don't run into the city to fight a giant
hollow instead try to move away from busy places
i know that isn't really obvious and
quite difficult to figure out but
that's why i'm here right to give you the best
tips based on profound and in-depth observations
while Ichigo tries to avoid further destructions
because he was an idiot we get a cameo from Uryu
Ishida he's a quincy now if you don't know what
this is don't worry just think in terms of a
wizard or watch the anime or read the manga really
seriously just it's a great great thing um anyway
it looks pretty [ __ ] cool in live-action format
not gonna lie so they fight the grand fisher
together and Ichigo gets the chance to strike
one last time causing the hollow to finally decay
but the victory doesn't last long Uryu gets
stabbed from the back by Renji and Ichigo gets
involved in a pretty heavy fight with both
shinigamis looks like honor is foreign to
them huh we just defeated a hollow they
were incapable defeating for 54 years
and this is how we're thanked that's f-up bro
what the hell Renji activates his true zanpakuto
form also called Shikai his katana in this form
resembles something like a whip that can extend
itself and fight on long range bases this is the
second form of a zanpakuto and much more powerful
than the original ordinary katana form of course
we didn't learn anything of that sword yet and are
pretty much boxed around the air but we haven't
defeated Zangetsu yet in fact we don't even know
who the [ __ ] is so even though Ichigo here seems
to be somewhat able to measure himself with Renji
as soon as he engages in a fight with Byakuya it's
pretty hopeless as you can see beating Byakuya or
any of the Gotei 13 without even knowing the name
of our sword well leave that to the idiots the
only reasons Ichigo survived this encounter was
because he was so determined to keep fighting even
though he was long defeated i guess that somehow
impressed Byakuya and he spared him because of
that Rukia here retakes her powers all of a sudden
that's apparently no problem right thanks girl how
about next time you don't wait until i'm on the
verge of death because your cocky brother is an
[ __ ] jesus in any way they travel back to
the soul society and we finally wake up from
our massive pretty heavy acid trip if you've
made it this far you should subscribe thanks